# onelake_edp_us

## edp_dab

The 'edp_dab' project was generated by using the default-python template.

## Getting started

1. Install the Databricks CLI from https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/cli/databricks-cli.html

2. Authenticate to your Databricks workspace, if you have not done so already:
    ```
    $ databricks configure
    ```

3. To deploy a development copy of this project, type:
    ```
    $ databricks bundle deploy --target dev
    ```
    (Note that "dev" is the default target, so the `--target` parameter
    is optional here.)

    This deploys everything that's defined for this project.
    For example, the default template would deploy a job called
    `[dev yourname] edp_dab_job` to your workspace.
    You can find that job by opening your workpace and clicking on **Workflows**.

4. Similarly, to deploy a production copy, type:
   ```
   $ databricks bundle deploy --target prod
   ```

   Note that the default job from the template has a schedule that runs every day
   (defined in resources/edp_dab.job.yml). The schedule
   is paused when deploying in development mode (see
   https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/bundles/deployment-modes.html).

5. To run a job or pipeline, use the "run" command:
   ```
   $ databricks bundle run
   ```

6. Optionally, install developer tools such as the Databricks extension for Visual Studio Code from
   https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/vscode-ext.html. Or read the "getting started" documentation for
   **Databricks Connect** for instructions on running the included Python code from a different IDE.

7. For documentation on the Databricks asset bundles format used
   for this project, and for CI/CD configuration, see
   https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/bundles/index.html.


## Contributing

### Commit message format

Commit messages should be formatted in the following manner to record the changes made to a project, explain why these changes were needed, make troubleshooting easier, and help team members stay updated on each other's work.

```
<type>(squad): <description>
```

#### types:
- feat: Introduces a new feature.
- fix: Patches a bug.
- docs: Documentation-only changes.
- style: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, etc).
- refactor: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature.
- perf: Improves performance.
- test: Adds missing tests or corrects existing tests.
- chore: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation.

#### squads:
- mdm
- tds
- gk

#### description:<br>
The description succinctly summarizes the change in a way that makes the commit message stand alone from other content. It should be imperative, stating what the commit does rather than what it did.

Examples: <br>
```feat(mdm): add manual review notebooks```<br>
```fix(tds): removes missing field from account data load```<br>
```refactor(gk): consolidate audit functions into one utility```

When merging the commit, make sure to move the commit message as above into the header, and add a more detailed description in the body.